Improve UST documentation with realistic examples and clearer guidance (#30929)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/single-step-apm/kubernetes.md

Unified Service Tags (USTs) apply consistent tags across traces, metrics, and logs, making it easier to navigate and correlate your observability data.

> ### Recommended: Configure USTs via label extraction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (Recommended) Configure USTs through label extraction
```

> With SSI, you can automatically extract UST values from pod labels and metadata without modifying individual deployments. Simply configure `kubernetesResourcesLabelsAsTags` to map your existing Kubernetes labels to Datadog service tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With SSI, you can automatically extract UST values from pod labels and metadata without modifying individual deployments. To do this, configure `kubernetesResourcesLabelsAsTags` to map your existing Kubernetes labels to Datadog service tags.
```

> **Prerequisites:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Prerequisites**
```

> | Component | Minimum Version  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Component | Minimum version  |
```

|-----------|------------------|

> | datadog-agent | 7.68+        |

Reviewer 2: Version :)

Author: Hehe got it!

> | datadog-agent | 7.68+        |
> | datadog-operator | 1.16.0+   |
> | datadog-helm-chart | 3.120.0+|

Reviewer: Don't need the `+` on the version numbers since the column already clarifies that these are minimum versions.

```suggestion
| `datadog-agent` | 7.68        |
| `datadog-operator` | 1.16.0   |
| `datadog-helm-chart` | 3.120.0 |
```

> #### Basic automatic configuration
> **Note**: Replace `app.kubernetes.io/name` with any label that contains your service name (e.g., `service.kubernetes.io/name`, `component`). You can configure multiple labels this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Automatic configuration

Replace `app.kubernetes.io/name` in the following example with any label that contains your service name (for example, `service.kubernetes.io/name` or `component`). You can configure multiple labels this way.
```

```yaml
datadog:
  # Automatically extract service names from Kubernetes labels
  kubernetesResourcesLabelsAsTags:
    pods:
      app.kubernetes.io/name: service     # Modern Kubernetes label
    deployments.apps:
      app.kubernetes.io/name: service
    replicasets.apps:
      app.kubernetes.io/name: service

  # Set environment globally for the entire cluster
  tags:
    - "env:production"

  apm:
    instrumentation:
      enabled: true
```

> With this configuration, Datadog automatically sets the service name based on the label values for all instrumented workloads that have these labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, Datadog automatically sets the `service` tag using the value of the `app.kubernetes.io/name` label for any instrumented workload that includes this label.
```

#### Explicit control with ddTraceConfigs

> For granular control over specific services as part of [workload targeting](#advanced-options), use `ddTraceConfigs` to explicitly map labels to service configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, automatic configuration is sufficient. However, if you need granular control over settings for specific workloads, use `ddTraceConfigs` to explicitly map labels to service configurations:
```

Unified Service Tags (USTs) apply consistent tags across traces, metrics, and logs, making it easier to navigate and correlate your observability data.

### (Recommended) Configure USTs through label extraction

With SSI, you can automatically extract UST values from pod labels and metadata without modifying individual deployments. To do this, configure `kubernetesResourcesLabelsAsTags` to map your existing Kubernetes labels to Datadog service tags.

> **Prerequisites**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Prerequisites
```

    instrumentation:
      enabled: true
      targets:
        - name: frontend-services
          podSelector:
            matchLabels:
              tier: frontend
          ddTraceConfigs:
            - name: DD_SERVICE       # Explicitly override service name
              valueFrom:
                fieldRef:
                  fieldPath: metadata.labels['app.kubernetes.io/name']
            # DD_ENV inherited from cluster-level tags above
            # DD_VERSION automatically extracted from image tags
```

> **Note**: Use `ddTraceConfigs` for explicit control over service configuration for specific workloads. For most cases, the basic automatic configuration is sufficient.

Reviewer: Consolidated the message here with the content before the code example. 

```suggestion
```
